Add React Native V6 Changes (#11320)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/react-native/enriching-events/scopes/index.mdx

---
title: Scopes
description: "SDKs will typically automatically manage the scopes for you in the framework integrations. Learn what a scope is and how you can use it to your advantage."
---

When an event is captured and sent to Sentry, SDKs will merge that event data with extra
information from the current scope. SDKs will typically automatically manage the scopes
for you in the framework integrations and you don't need to think about them. However,
you should know what a scope is and how you can use it to your advantage.

## What's a Scope?

Scopes hold useful information that gets sent along with the
event. For instance, [contexts](../context/) and
[breadcrumbs](../breadcrumbs/) are stored on
the scope. When a scope is forked, it inherits all data from its parent scope.

The default SDK integrations will fork scopes intelligently. For
instance, web framework integrations will fork scopes around your
routes or request handlers.

## How Scopes Work

> Scopes are basically a stack of data that is attached to events. When an event is captured, the SDK will merge the data from the active scopes into the event. This allows you to attach data to events that is relevant to the context in which the event was captured.

Reviewer: l: We could change to plural.
```suggestion
Scopes are basically stacks of data that are attached to events. When an event is captured, the SDK will merge the data from the active scopes into the event. This allows you to attach data to events that is relevant to the context in which the event was captured.
```
